Instruction Update re Basic Ubuntu on WSL (#998)
nest/nestml: doc/installation.rst

Anaconda installation
---------------------

> In preparation, `create a conda environment with NEST <https://nest-simulator.readthedocs.io/en/stable/installation/index.html>`_, and install some additional dependencies. Note that if you are working with a basic version of Ubuntu or another Linux distribution (ex. a basic download for use in the Windows Linux Subsystem), you also need to include the ``make`` package in the install command. The ``cmake`` package will not function without this package installed (it is by default on full versions of Linux distributions). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In preparation, `create a conda environment with NEST <https://nest-simulator.readthedocs.io/en/stable/installation/index.html>`_, and install some additional dependencies.

Please make sure to have the latest conda version installed and to create a new environment with the command below, i.e. installing all packages together at the start versus installing one by one.
```
